Readme
------

1. The Jupyter notebook contains the flow of data preprocessing, feature engineering and the final results involving the best classifier on the dataset.
2. The dataset can be found here: https://www.kaggle.com/miroslavsabo/young-people-survey/
3. The task corresponds to the prediction of the likelihood of a person to be in one of the following four categories: “never smoked,” “tried smoking,” “former smoker,” and “current smoker”.
4. The source code is available under the "Source_code" directory.

a) CS_412_project_train.py - contains the different preprocessing steps and feature engineering along with the various classifiers experimented with finally concluding with testing the prediction on the test dataset using the best classifier.
By default, the dataset file name is "responses.csv". This can be overridden by providing the required filename as a command line argument while executing the python file.
On execution, the following files will be generated.
1) train.csv - original dataset will be split into train/dev/test data and this file will contain the train/dev data.
2) test.csv - original dataset will be split into train/dev/test data and this fill will contain the test data.
3) predict_smoking_model.sav - The best classifier model generated during training will be saved in this file. This will be loaded automatically when the prediction python file is executed.
4) predict_smoking_feature_reduction_model.sav - One of the feature engineering tasks involved in training is dimensionality reduction. The model to reduce the feature dimension is stored in this file and will be used to process the test data during prediction task.
5) predict_smoking_pca_model.sav - The PCA model is saved in this file. This can be used during prediction if required. Currently, it is not utilized for prediction since the best performing model doesn't utilize data generated by the PCA model.

b) CS_412_project_test.py - contains the prediction of the labels for "smoking" attribute using the generated classifier model.
